1. What are the key tasks involved in getting ready to work with machine learning modeling?
ans:
  1.Data ingestion
  2.Data validation
  3.Data transformation
  4.Model training
  5.Model evalution
  6.Model Pushing

2. What are the different forms of data used in machine learning? Give a specific example for each of
them.
ans:
   Quantitative Data:
        This type of data is also known as numerial data.
        1.Descrete Data
        2.Continous Data
   Qualitative Data:
        This type of data is also known as categorical Data.
        1.Nominal Data
        2.Ordinal Data

3. Distinguish:

1. Numeric vs. categorical attributes
ans:
 Numerical attributes consists of intergers or whole numbers whereas the categorical attributes contains the type of data as string or object.

2. Feature selection vs. dimensionality reduction
ans:
  Feature Selection is the process of finding the optimal subset of features where as the dimensionality reduction is the process of reducing the
  Heigher dimension of Data into lower Dimensions.

4. Make quick notes on any two of the following:

1. The histogram
ans: The Histogram is a plotting technique which can be used to analyse the distribution of the data columns.

2. Use a scatter plot
ans: The Scatter Plot is used to analyse the data columns to find the linear relationships between different columns.

3.PCA (Personal Computer Aid)

5. Why is it necessary to investigate data? Is there a discrepancy in how qualitative and quantitative
data are explored?
ans: It is necessary to investigate data to maintain the well organised data to implement model on that data.
     When you are going to implement the model make sure that the data should be cleaned and maintained correctly.

6. What are the various histogram shapes? What exactly are ‘bins'?
ans: 
  The various histograms are shapes are the you can use the histogram without using kde=True and the another histogram is to make kde=True.
  The bins defines how many data bars should be diplayed on the histogram.

7. How do we deal with data outliers?
ans: The outliers are handled in many ways,
    1. Removing the Outliers
    2. scaling the data
    3. Log Transformtion
    4. Box-cox transformation
    5. Cube-Root Transformation.

8. What are the various central inclination measures? Why does mean vary too much from median in
certain data sets?
ans:  
    The Various central inclination measures are mean, median, mode.
    If mean vary too much from median in certain data sets, Then there will an outlier in the dataset.

9. Describe how a scatter plot can be used to investigate bivariate relationships. Is it possible to find
outliers using a plot?
ans: 
  The scatter plot can be used to investigate bivariate relationships as it indicates with change in value of x, how the value of y is changing.
  It defines the linear relationship between the two variables.
  It is possible to find outliers using a plot, as the some sort of data will shown aside from rest of the data.

10. Describe how cross-tabs can be used to figure out how two variables are related.
ans:
  Cross-tabulation, also known as contingency table analysis, is a statistical tool used to analyze the relationship between two categorical variables. 
  The main objective of cross-tabs is to understand the frequency of occurrence of each combination of categories of the two variables
