1. What is the concept of human learning? Please give two 
ans:
 Based on the knowledge and the experianced gained by a person can perform the actions of next operations is called human learning.
 Ex:
    1. writing programs in python
    2. eating food by children

2. What different forms of human learning are there? Are there any machine learning equivalents?
ans: There are three types of human learning
  Learning through association 
  Learning through consequences 
  Learning through observation.

3. What is machine learning, and how does it work? What are the key responsibilities of machine
learning?
ans:
  The machine learning is the process of training a machine to learn the pattern in the given data to predict the future.
  The key Resposibilities of Machine learning is to predict the future and analyse the output based on the previous data.

4. Define the terms "penalty" and "reward" in the context of reinforcement learning.
ans:
  The terms "penalty" and "reward" are mainly used in reinforcement learning.
  The Penalty will be given to the model if our model predicts wrong and the reward will be given to the model if our model predicts correct.

5. Explain the term "learning as a search"?
ans:
  Learning can be seen as a search process in which a learner explores a space of possible solutions in order to find an optimal solution to 
  a problem. The goal of the learner is to find a set of parameters or weights for the model that minimize the error or cost function. This 
  search process can be seen as navigating a landscape of possible solutions, where each point represents a particular set of parameter values, 
  and the height of the landscape represents the error or cost associated with those parameters.

6. What are the various goals of machine learning? What is the relationship between these and
human learning?
ans:
 The Goals of Machine learning is the applications of machine learning
   1.regression
   2.classification
   3.clustering
   4.anomoly detection
   

7. Illustrate the various elements of machine learning using a real-life illustration.
ans:
  1. data collection
  2. data peprocessing
  3. model training
  4. model evalution
  5. model pusher

8. Provide an example of the abstraction method.
ans:
  An example of the abstraction method in machine learning is feature extraction. Feature extraction involves reducing the 
  dimensionality of the input data by selecting or extracting a subset of relevant features. This allows the machine learning model 
  to focus on the most important information in the data and improve its ability to learn and generalize.

9. What is the concept of generalization? What function does it play in the machine learning
process?
ans:
 If the Trained model is good to predict the outputs of the test dataset, it means if the model is good at predicting the data for training and the 
 testing data then, it is said to be generalsation.
 The generalised model contains good perfomance.

10. What is classification, exactly? What are the main distinctions between classification and regression?
ans:
  If the model tries to classify the output, then it is said to be classification problem statement.
  In the regression the model always tries to predict the continous values,
  whereas the classification contains descrete data and tries to classify those classes.

11. What is regression, and how does it work? Give an example of a real-world problem that was
solved using regression.
ans:
 The main task of the regression is to find the best fit line to predict the output, the simple equation is y = m * x + c .
 The Best example is Bike sharing demand prediction for regression.

12. Describe the clustering mechanism in detail.
ans:
  In machine learning too, we often group examples as a first step to understand a subject (data set) in a machine learning system. 
  Grouping unlabeled examples is called clustering. As the examples are unlabeled, clustering relies on unsupervised machine learning.
