1.Explain the term machine learning, and how does it work? Explain two machine learning
applications in the business world. What are some of the ethical concerns that machine learning
applications could raise?

ans:
  Machine learning defines how the machines are ging to train to predict future based on the previous data.Now a days, there are numorous applications
  of machine learning, among them few are Spam Classification and language translation. Spam Classification is used to detect weather the given message 
  is spam or not spam. The languge translation is the process of convertion of one language into another language. The major ethical concerns that machine 
  learning applications could raises is Privacy and data protection and Job displacement and inequality.

2. Describe the process of human learning:
i. Under the supervision of experts

ii. With the assistance of experts in an indirect manner

iii. Self-education
ans:
    i. Under the supervision of experts:
            Each and every concept will learned from some experts and apply that knowledge to real world case problems,which is direct manner.

    ii. With the assistance of experts in an indirect manner:
             All the concepts will be learned from experts which is not in direct manner.
    iii. Self-education:
             By excuting the actions and getting the consequences and advantages and learning from those practical experiances.

3. Provide a few examples of various types of machine learning.
ans:
  Supervised Machine learning:
       1.Spam Classification
       2.Weather Prediction
  Unsupervised Machine Learning:
       1.Customer Segmentation
       2.Product Segmentation
  Reinforcement Learning:
       1.Tesla Self Driving cars
       2.Chat Bots

4. Examine the various forms of machine learning.
ans:
	Supervised Machine learning:
		 In supervised learning, the algorithm is trained on a labeled dataset, where the inputs are paired with corresponding outputs. 
                 The goal is to learn a model that can accurately predict the output for new inputs.
	Unsupervised Machine Learning:
		In unsupervised learning, the algorithm is trained on an unlabeled dataset, where the goal is to discover patterns or structure in the data. 
                Unsupervised learning can be used for tasks such as clustering, dimensionality reduction, and anomaly detection.
	Reinforcement Learning:
		 In reinforcement learning, the algorithm learns through trial and error, receiving feedback in the form of rewards or penalties for its actions. 
                 The goal is to learn a policy that maximizes the cumulative reward over time.

5. Can you explain what a well-posed learning problem is? Explain the main characteristics that must
be present to identify a learning problem properly.
ans: A well-posed leanign problem is defined as that the problem has unique solution. Having the sufficient information to solve the problem is a
     well-posed learning. The main characteristics is the avialability of data, Evalution metrics and model genaralisation.

6. Is machine learning capable of solving all problems? Give a detailed explanation of your answer.
ans: 
    machine Learning cannot solve all the problems, it only solves the problems where the human intervention is less and the problems where the
    human intervention is more is very difficult to solve.

7. What are the various methods and technologies for solving machine learning problems? Any two
of them should be defined in detail.
ans:
  Python :
      Most of the people use Python to solve the Machine Learning Problems due to its large libraries and its fuctionality.
  Big Data:
      It is also one of the major one because it can manage the large datasets efficiently.

8. Can you explain the various forms of supervised learning? Explain each one with an example
application.
ans:
  Regression:
      If the dependent variable is a numerical one, then that is a regression task, which is used to predict the continous values.
  Classification:
       If the dependent variable is a Categorical one, then that is a classification task,which is used to classify the output.

9. What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning? With a sample application
in each region, explain the differences.
ans:
	Supervised Machine learning:
		 In supervised learning, the algorithm is trained on a labeled dataset, where the inputs are paired with corresponding outputs. 
                 The goal is to learn a model that can accurately predict the output for new inputs.
		 Ex:Weather prediction, Stock Market Prediction, Spam Classification.
	Unsupervised Machine Learning:
		In unsupervised learning, the algorithm is trained on an unlabeled dataset, where the goal is to discover patterns or structure in the data. 
                Unsupervised learning can be used for tasks such as clustering, dimensionality reduction, and anomaly detection.
		Ex:Customer Segmentation, Product Segmentation.


10. Describe the machine learning process in depth.

a. Make brief notes on any two of the following:

i.MATLAB is one of the most widely used programming languages.

ii. Deep learning applications in healthcare
ans: Deep Learning is a subset of machine learning which will be used in for image datasets and Text datasets etc.

iii. Study of the market basket

iv. Linear regression (simple) 
ans: The main aim of the Linear regression is to make the best fit line by using the equation y=mx+c.


11. Make a comparison between:-

1. Generalization and abstraction
	Generalisation:
               It defines the process of predicting the outputs for newly unseen datasets.
        Abstraction:
	        Abstraction, on the other hand, refers to the process of simplifying complex 
                systems by focusing on the most important and relevant aspects

2. Learning that is guided and unsupervised
	Learning that is guided:
		Guided learning, also known as supervised learning, is a type of machine learning where the algorithm is trained on labeled data.
	unsupervised:
		Unsupervised learning, on the other hand, is a type of machine learning where the algorithm is trained on unlabeled data,
                where the correct output is not known.
3. Regression and classification 
   	Regression:
      		If the dependent variable is a numerical one, then that is a regression task, which is used to predict the continous values.
  	Classification:
       		If the dependent variable is a Categorical one, then that is a classification task,which is used to classify the output.

  