1. What are the 1. What are the key tasks that machine learning entails? What does data pre-processing imply?\
ans:
key tasks that machine learning entails:
  1.Data Preprocessing
  2.Data Validation
  3.Data Transformation
  4.Model Trainer
  5.Model Evalution
  6.Model Pusher
data pre-processing imply:
  1.Data Cleaning
  2.Data Scaling
  3.Data Normalisation
  4.Data Transformation
  5.Feature Extraction
  6.Dimensionality Reduction

2. Describe quantitative and qualitative data in depth. Make a distinction between the two.
ans:
  Quantitative Data:
        This type of data is also known as numerial data.
        1.Descrete Data
        2.Continous Data
   Qualitative Data:
        This type of data is also known as categorical Data.
        1.Nominal Data
        2.Ordinal Data

3. Create a basic data collection that includes some sample records. Have at least one attribute from
each of the machine learning data types.
ans:
   Height    Weight     Diabetic_patient
    5        34            Yes
    4.3      45            No 
    6        44            No
    5.5      54            Yes

4. What are the various causes of machine learning data issues? What are the ramifications?
ans: 
various causes of machine learning data issues:
  1.outliers
  2.incorrect format
  3.null values
  4.inconsistancy in data collection

ramifications:
due to machine learning, we have both advantages and dis-advantages
  1.privay concerns
  2.unemployment
  3.decrimination


5. Demonstrate various approaches to categorical data exploration with appropriate examples.
ans:
 We can use the countplots to visaulize how many values are present for each category.
 we can perform the bivariate analysis with categorical data and the output variable.

6. How would the learning activity be affected if certain variables have missing values? Having said
that, what can be done about it?
ans:
 The missing vlaue will effect the performance of the model.
 For example consider a regression problem statement where we use y=mx+c and assume m=0.5 and c=1 then if x=24 then,y=13 
 if the value of x is missed, then assume a situation where missing values are filled with zero , then the value of y is 1.
 In the above way the model tries to make wrong predictions.

7. Describe the various methods for dealing with missing data values in depth.
ans:
  1. By using fillna()
  2. Interpolation
  3. simple Imputation

8. What are the various data pre-processing techniques? Explain dimensionality reduction and
function selection in a few words.
ans:
 data pre-processing techniques:
   1.Data Cleaning
   2.Data Scaling
   3.Data Normalisation
   4.Data Transformation
   5.Feature Extraction
   6.Dimensionality Reduction
 dimensionality reduction:
    dimensionality reduction is the process of reducing the Heigher dimension of Data into lower Dimensions by using PCA and t-SNE.
 feature selection:
    Feature Selection is the process of finding the optimal subset of features.

9.
i. What is the IQR? What criteria are used to assess it?
ans:
  The IQR is the inter quantile range, IQR = Q3 - Q1 ,where Q3 is Third Quantile and Q1 is the First Quantile.

ii. Describe the various components of a box plot in detail? When will the lower whisker
surpass the upper whisker in length? How can box plots be used to identify outliers?
ans: 
  The boxplot contains 
     Minimum value: The smallest observation in the dataset.
     Maximum value: The largest observation in the dataset.
     Median (Q2): The middle value of the dataset.
     Quartiles (Q1 and Q3): The 25th and 75th percentiles of the dataset, respectively. These divide the dataset into four equal parts.
     Whiskers: The lines extending from the box that indicate the range of the data.

10. Make a comparison between:

1. Data with nominal and ordinal values
ans: 
  The nominal Data cannot be ordered, but ordinal data can be ordered.

2. Histogram and box plot
ans:
  Histogram defines the distribution of the data, where the box plot defines the outliers present in the data.

3. The average and median
ans:
  Average is the sum of observations divided by number of observation whereas the median is the middle value of the sorted list of numbers.